Add instructions on how to install VIPS (#391)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-qualified-teacher-status: README.md

asdf install
```

#### VIPS

> You'll need to install `lipvips`. This various on each operating systen, but on macOS you can try this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You‘ll need to install `lipvips`. This varies on each operating system, but on macOS you can try this:
```
